---
title: "Welcome to My Blog"
description: "First post introducing this blog and what I'll be writing about."
date: 2026-01-15
---

This is my first blog post on this website. I've long wanted to publish a website - but I keep on getting caught up in vendor complications (Squarespace, Convertkit, Webflow, Framer, etc.). What has allowed me to create this is what's interesting about it: the entire website was coded by myself.

Despite the fact that I have no experience in coding and couldn't code myself out of a cardboard box.

I entirely used AI to create the file system, learn how to use Github, sync it with Cloudflare as my CDN and run it through their Pages service. The cost - total - for the entire website is under ~$11. Amazing.

## What This Blog Is About

I'll be writing about:

- Marketing strategy and audience development
- Insights from working in media and entertainment
- Cultural thoughts as we build new institutions
- What Relevant Radio and our incredible team is up to
- Productivity and entrepreneurship
- Psychology, philosophy, and new science
- Building systems that allow for exponential growth
- And much much more.


## Why I'm Writing

Writing clarifies thinking. Writing helps me develop thoughts, communicate them to others, and grow in relationship with God and others. This blog is a space to work through ideas, share what I'm learning, and connect with others.

## What's Next

I'll be publishing regularly. I plan on putting together an email subscription at some point soon. And I'll also be using AI to continue developing this website and set of features. Pretty amazing stuff!

Stay tuned...
